Li Yuan, what do you want to do?
Grandpa kicked me out of the Li family
I have nothing now.
What do you think I want to do?
Let her go
You don't want to hurt her a hair
Hahaha, what can you do to me?
If you have the ability, come up and save her
Didn't the psychiatrist say you're okay?
Aren't you afraid of heights?
You let her go
I can give you anything you want.
I can promise you
Good idea.
I want the Li family's inheritance
I want everything from the Li family
Will you give it or not?
Don't talk
Don't promise him to shut up.
And throw you off the rooftop?
You were the one who killed my brother
Li Yuan hahaha
Yes
It's me who killed your brother hahahahaha
No.
Hahahaha
Yaoyao Yaoyao
original
We've known each other for so long